prior to my GPS I was a little confused about merge conflicts, and how they are resolved. In the GPS I saw a merge conflict take place with 2 conflicting versions of one file when I merged branches. In sublime text I saw the Head version and the branch version, and I deleted all the text except for the version I wanted and saved it. Then I added and committed the changes, and pushed them successfully.Apparently this kind of thing happens a lot with bas git flow practice, white space errors, and agressive IDE's which add keywords, so it is important to know how to resolve it. Before merging, its crucial to review code for whitespace differences or an errors the may cause a merge conflict. If a merge conflict does occur, the authors of each version need to discuss why it happened and which version should be kept, if either.
    I talked to my guide, Gary, about the difference
between fetch and merge vs. pull. Essentially they are the same thing. People just use pull when they are certain they want to merge the changes they are fetching, people would use fetch instead to see changes that have been made to the remote repo before merging them. This is usually done with big groups so that merge conflicts don't happen and so people can see what changes have been made more clearly. I also talked to him about Github and what how to search for repos, refine search terms, and how to tell which ones are most active.
    I am still a little bit confused about the
flags for the git commands. I would like to know more about them and when/why to use them. I think I understand the basic process for the most part, but I am sure there is way more to it if I dig deeper.
    My first GPS was a little unusual because I
didn't have a pair, but Gary explained to me how it would work if I had pair. I basically played the roll of the driver, though I did some navigating as well, but I was navigating for myself, so I don't think it really counts. I am looking forward to GPS, I had fun doing this one and talking to Gary after finishing the task.